Mr. Li by my side
The one you should congratulate today
Lord Jianzun, the owner of Kowloon Shop
What is he, the sword lord?
Lord Zudu
Don't trust him.
He's an impostor.
It's the Security Bureau who's here to arrest him, and he's still pretending to be here
You should know
You came to congratulate Mr. Li today.
Is it the sword lord?
Well, he kept calling you Lord Governor
you
Do you think the real Sword Lord would be so humble?
That's true.
What the hell is going on?
Who am I?
One phone call and you'll know who it is
Hello angel
I called you, Lord Zunshi
It was you who requested to attend the wedding of Lord Jianzun
In order to avoid exposing the identity of the Sword Lord
I'll match you with Mr. Lee
And you know what?
Yes, yes, people are just blossoming
Zhang Yongkang pays tribute to Lord Jianzun
Finally, there is a person with an IQ online
Get up, Mr. Xie Jianzun
This sheriff is me impersonating
What do you think should be done to arrest me?
How dare you catch Lord Jincun?
I don't want to live anymore, go back and remove him
Make him want to be my adult
Forgive me.
I also came to check the situation after receiving the call.
Oh, it's all him.
It's all his fault
Why did you slander the Sword Lord?
No, Governor
He was really an impostor.
Don't listen to what that woman has to say.
None of us here believe it